# HolyFit
Team Name, Member Names, Member Emails
Gabriel Brown gabrown@bu.edu
Adrian Pawlowski ajp12@bu.edu
Brennan Mahoney bmm1@bu.edu
Ryan Hekman rhekman@bu.edu

Overview:

 We are striving to create a webb application in order to combine workout apps with a fully dedicated social media platform. 
 Our main concept is to be able to post and upload pictures/videos or other types of media and share it to the web application.
 On top of this social media use geared towards the gym, it will help and push users to explore workouts to meet their individual goals determined by a quiz.
 This web application will have tools in order to save workouts of others, change what type of workout the user wants generated as well as alter workouts generated by the app.
 Eventually this app will also have tools to allow for the integration of health data from devices such as whoop and oura.
 This will allow for a social media that revolves around health with a streamline integration of both.
 
 Build:
 
 In order to build our project with cross platform use we are utilizing a webapp.
 For our databse we will utilize MongoDB along with Azure in order to create a database that stores login information and profile information for the user.
 Azure will enable continual development by deploying any new updates to the main branch of this repository.
 We are coding in c# to allow seemless incorporation using these resources.
 We are also using visual studios community as our IDE to further the seemless integration Microsoft has created.

Site Link:
Video Link: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1GyrY6gx8jQy8sC-O4M1JToAFcbC0_Iek?usp=sharing

Misc: